Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?
Ans. In this approach we are taking into an account the number of friends each candidate has, now since the Jill Stein and Gary Johnson has a large number of friends they are going to have a more friends in common. Whereas, Hillary and Trump has a less number of friends compared to them. One way to fix this approach is to normalize the count by the number of friends.









2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.
Ans. Hillary and Trump both followed a user named “whitehouse”. The account is related to the white house, and since both Hillary and Trump were the main the candidates for president, they both followed white house.













3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?
Ans. On twitter, sometimes a brand or a person tries to follow more people to get more followers, that could be the case in Gary Johnson’s twitter account. As, we can see from the first question, it’s going to affect our analysis when we are finding similarity between two users.








4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
Ans. It depends on how many people X follows, suppose X follows 5000 people, then we have to make additional 5000 requests. and since we can make 15 request in 15 minute windows, it’s going to take 5000/60 ~ 83.33 hours.
